hello today i will cook
cake without baking gingerbread
this is a very tasty cake and i will show you
how do i do it preparing only very
quickly but it turns out very, very tasty
for making this so then for us
need 500 grams of gingerbread
half a cup of sugar a glass of sour cream 150
gram of butter
one chocolate and 2 bananas first i
make cream i'll take butter
room temperature add sugar
and butter stir sugar and process
Stirring can be added quietly
sour cream sour cream me fifteen
the percentage of fat cream stirred the let
he stands still insists further put
bananas I will clean them and we will cut on a little ring
then take the clinic and cut them in half
further I take a bowl
I take a captive with thin cellophane
I put it on the fork in the cream and
I spread to the bottom of the form and so I will
keep gingerbread dipping cream
and u down put the first layer laid
then I put a layer of bananas
cover all these holes that u
we have from the gingerbread that they are round
then I take again
gingerbread dipped in cream and laid
already on top of bananas and so will be layers
lay the whole cake layer gingerbread layer
bananas well i put gingerbread cream
All this together with further cellophane goes
I'll cover you
to give shape to the
tiger tried and cream froze i will put in
the fridge well, you all froze it
now you need to put on the plate
Next, take the chocolate and patrol forehead on
cake svetku
pour drowns grated chocolate
stole u so from candy do
candy flowers
but that's all cakes without gingerbread ready
look how fast it is done but
it turns out incredibly tasty gingerbread
soaked cream and
layer born she will give such
Cook our raisin with
pleasure and i wish you all good
mood to new meetings